Fixing #85851 Consolidated Circuit Breaker documentation to include EQL and ML Infe… (#90809)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/eql/eql.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[eql-circuit-breaker]]
=== EQL circuit breaker settings

> The detailed documentation of EQL Circuit breaker settings can be accessed [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/circuit-breaker.html#eql-circuit-breaker).

Reviewer: We should not use the full URL. Lets use the links format `<<link-id, text to show>>` as is done elsewhere in the documentation text. Because this gets correctly replaced when producing the documentation.

So I would recommend to change this to

```suggestion

The relevant circuit breaker settings can be found in the <<circuit-breakers-page-eql, Circuit Breakers page>>.
```
